Kiki, you clearly said you loved me
You clearly said that you love me
Kiki, let me explain
Kiki doesn't love me
Kiki
Get out of the way, since I can't give my sister-in-law happiness
Why don't you just let him go?
What are you?
Don't want him
From now on
Lai Junling is my boyfriend
Please respect yourself.
Call me
Just to reach a cooperation
But as the eldest son of the Gu family
Why do you keep opening this table?
When did I give you the illusion?
Then you think your marriage can take care of itself
Uncle Gu
Now there's a lot of gossip out there about the retreat.
And now the only person willing to cooperate is me
You say
Let Xiaozhi marry you